Add links to authd from NFS and Samba (limited PR) (#230)
canonical/ubuntu-server-documentation: how-to/samba/file-server.md

The server will be configured to share files with any client on the network without prompting for a password. If your environment requires stricter Access Controls see [Share Access Control](share-access-controls.md).

```{warning}

> If you use **Samba and authd** at the same time, you must specify user and group mapping. Otherwise, you'd encounter permission issues due to mismatched user and group identifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use **Samba and authd** at the same time, you must specify user and group mapping. Otherwise, you will encounter permission issues due to mismatched user and group identifiers.
```

> Instead of this guide, follow [Steps for the server](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/authd/en/latest/howto/use-with-samba/#steps-for-the-server) in the *Using authd with Samba* guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you *are* using Samba with authd, you should follow the instructions in the [steps for the server](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/authd/en/latest/howto/use-with-samba/#steps-for-the-server) guide in the authd documentation instead.
```
